# source patent id: 873 (patent_ppt_importcheck, US, col 所有權利要求[JP,KR,CN])
1. A trimmer line comprising: an elongate monofilament having a proximal end and a distal end; a collar secured to said distal end of said monofilament, wherein said collar has a hollow interior section adapted to receive said monofilament; said collar comprises a proximal end and a distal end; said distal end of said collar is flush with said distal end of said monofilament and said proximal end of said collar is adapted to extend toward said proximal end of said monofilament; said proximal end of said collar comprises a flange; said flange and said collar are a single concentric unit; said flange includes an external diameter greater than an external diameter of said collar; said flange is adapted to place said monofilament adjacent to an aperture in a trimming apparatus; and said distal end of said collar encircles a portion of said monofilament extending from said flange to said distal end of said collar. | 2. The trimmer line of claim 1, wherein said collar comprises a hollow circular cross-section adapted to extend from said distal end of said monofilament to said flange. | 3. The trimmer line of claim 1, wherein said collar is crimped to said monofilament. | 4. The trimmer line of claim 3, wherein said crimp forms an indentation into said monofilament forward of said distal end. | 5. The trimmer line of claim 4, wherein placement and position of said collar and said crimp is adapted to reduce stress and strain on said monofilament and to prevent premature breakage of said monofilament from said collar. | 6. A trimmer line for a trimmer comprising: said trimmer comprising a cutting head having a housing with a first end adapted to be mounted to a drive shaft, and a second end having an elongated annular flange and an aperture in said flange extending from an interior wall to an exterior wall; said trimmer line comprising a finite monofilament length comprising a proximal end and a distal end; a collar mounted to said distal end of said monofilament; said collar comprising a proximal end and a distal end, said distal end of said collar is adapted to be flush with said distal end of said monofilament, and said proximal end of said collar comprising a flange; said flange and said collar are a single concentric unit; said flange includes an external diameter greater than an external diameter of said collar; and said flange of said collar comprising a distal end and a proximal end, wherein said proximal end of said flange is adapted to be placed in communication with said interior wall of said aperture of said cutting head flange. | 7. The trimmer line of claim 6, wherein a portion of said monofilament extending from said distal end of said collar to said flange mests within said interior wall of said cutting head. | 8. The trimmer line of claim 6, wherein said monofilament further comprises a spur mounted between said flange and said proximal end of said monofilament. | 9. The trimmer line of claim 6, wherein said collar is comprised of a metallic material. | 10. The trimmer line of claim 9, wherein said metallic material is brass. | 11. The trimmer line of claim 6, wherein said collar is within said interior wall of said cutting head. | 12. The trimmer line or claim 11, wherein said collar comprises a crimp adapted to secure said collar to said monofilament. | 13. The trimmer line of claim 12, wherein said crimp forms an indentation into said monofilament. | 14. The trimmer line of claim 12, wherein positioning of said collar and said crimp is adapted to reduce stress and strain on said monofilament and is adapted to prevent breakage of said monofilament from said collar.
